Okay, walk in.
Turn on the light.
There, look around at everything for a bit.
Take off your jacket.
Get on the bed. Lie in the corner like you noticed earlier.
Alo, pick up the phone.
Okay, go to the chair.
Reach down and turn on the computer.
Okay.
Hello, is this Minh? It's me, the guy from the company you just visited. Can I interview you now?
Yes, you can, sir.
So, my company is recruiting for "easy work, high pay." You just need to answer customers...
...and know how to use a phone. Work 2 to 3 hours a day, and you can earn about 30 millions.
I just need to know how to use a phone and technology, sir?
Yeah, that's right. That's all you need. If you're okay with it, you can start tomorrow.
But here's the thing... we currently have only one single slot left...
...so can you take it?